"""
TODO: User Login Process: Implement a secure user login process and remove the dependency on the local.constants.py file. This will provide a smoother user experience and also improve the security of your application.

TODO: Expand Art and Audio Functionality: Make the application ready for the future by considering how we can allow for additional art generators or sound libraries.

TODO: LLM Persona-Focused System: Refactor the LLM Manager to be persona-focused and support multiple agents.

TODO: User Experience and Accessibility: Dark Mode!

TODO: Error Handling: Improve the application's error handling.

TODO: Testing: Establish a suite of tests. These should include unit tests, integration tests, and end-to-end tests.

TODO: Performance Profiling: Implement a profiler to identify any slow areas in the code and implement optimizations as necessary.

TODO: Blueprint Mode Expansion: Nodes, Connections, Gridlines, Snap to Grid, etc.

TODO: Speech-to-Text Integration: Plan and implement the addition of speech-to-text functionality using OpenAI's Whisper API.
"""

"""
Notes:
1. User Profiles: Each user should have a profile that displays their name, profile picture, and any relevant information. This helps to identify and differentiate between users in the conversation.

2. Chat History: The chat window should display the conversation history, allowing users to refer back to previous messages and discussions. This helps to maintain context and continuity in the conversation.

3. Message Input Box: A text input box where users can type their messages and send them to the conversation. This is the primary component for users to interact with the chat client.

4. Send Button: A button that users can click to send their typed message to the conversation. This provides a clear and intuitive way for users to send their messages.

5. Emojis and Stickers: Including a selection of emojis and stickers can add a fun and expressive element to the chat client. Users can use these to convey emotions or reactions in a more visual way.

6. Mention/Tagging Feature: A feature that allows users to mention or tag specific users in the conversation. This helps to direct messages to specific individuals and ensures they receive notifications.

7. Notifications: The chat client should have a notification system to alert users when they receive new messages or when they are mentioned/tagged. This ensures that users stay updated and can respond promptly.

8. Search Function: A search bar that allows users to search for specific keywords or messages within the conversation history. This helps users find relevant information quickly and easily.

9. Voice and Video Call Buttons: Including buttons for voice and video calls can provide users with the option to switch to real-time communication when needed. This adds flexibility to the chat client.

10. Settings and Preferences: A settings menu where users can customize their chat client experience. This can include options for notification preferences, chat appearance, and other personalization features.
"""